Add description about debugging profile (#46993)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-running-pod.md

```shell
kubectl delete pod node-debugger-mynode-pdx84
```

## Debugging Profiles {#debugging-profiles}

When you use `kubectl debug` for debugging a node, a Pod by ephemeral container, or copy, you can apply a debugging profile to them via `--profile` flag.

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Author: @tengqm 

> Question: what does "them" refer to?

It indicates "a node, a Pod by ephemeral container, or copy"

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Reviewer: Okay, that is a bit confusing to me.
If the "them" refers to the node, pod (copy) that is to be debugged,
then, the `securityContext` for "them" are adapted by applying a profile.
According to this statement, if 'baseline' profile is specified for a node debug session,
the `securityContext` of the Node is changed. I don't think that is correct.

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Author: @tengqm 

Oh, I see!
I've rethought the sentence.
How about that.

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't see any changes related to the usage of "them".
There are two "them" in this paragraph.
Both of them are confusing.

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Author: @tengqm 
I've fix that

> When you use `kubectl debug` for debugging a node, a Pod by ephemeral container, or copy, 

->
 
> When using `kubectl debug` to debug a node via a debugging Pod, a Pod via an ephemeral container, 
or a copied Pod,

By this change, I intended to indicate that each "them" refers to "a debugging Pod, a Pod via an ephemeral container, or a copied Pod" not Node itself.

> Both of them are confusing.

Should I explicitly indicate "Pod or container" instead of using "them"?

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContexts](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) are set to them, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

Author: I've rethought and removed second "them" as below:

> By applying a profile, specific properties such as [securityContext](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)
are set, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

```

Then, debug the Pod using an ephemeral container.
If ephemeral container needs to have privilege, we can use `sysadmin` profile:

```shell
kubectl debug -it myapp --image=busybox:1.28 --target=myapp --profile=sysadmin
```

```
Targeting container "myapp". If you don't see processes from this container it may be because the container runtime doesn't support this feature.
Defaulting debug container name to debugger-6kg4x.
If you don't see a command prompt, try pressing enter.
/ #
```

Let's check the capabilities of the ephemeral container process:

```shell
/ # grep Cap /proc/$$/status
```

```
...
CapPrm:	000001ffffffffff
CapEff:	000001ffffffffff
...
```

This means container proccess is added full capabilities as privileged container by applying `sysadmin` profile.
See more detail about [capabilities](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-capabilities-for-a-container).

And We can also check the ephemeral container is created as privileged container:

```shell
kubectl get pod myapp -o jsonpath='{.spec.ephemeralContainers[0].securityContext}'
```

```
{"privileged":true}
```

> Clean up the Pod when you're finished with it:

Author: @ardaguclu 

I've added that same as other section such as [Debugging with an ephemeral debug container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-running-pod/#ephemeral-container), [Debugging using a copy of the Pod](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-running-pod/#debugging-using-a-copy-of-the-pod) and [Debugging via a shell on the node ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-running-pod/#node-shell-session), but I'll remove that if it is not needed.

are set, allowing for adaptation to various scenarios.

The available profiles are as follows:

| Profile      | Description                                                     |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| legacy       | A set of properties backwards compatibility with 1.22 behavior |
| general      | A reasonable set of generic properties for each debugging journey |
| baseline     | A set of properties compatible with [PodSecurityStandard baseline policy](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/#baseline) |
| restricted   | A set of properties compatible with [PodSecurityStandard restricted policy](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/#restricted) |
| netadmin     | A set of properties including Network Administrator privileges |
| sysadmin     | A set of properties including System Administrator (root) privileges |

{{< note >}}
If you don't specify `--profile`, the `legacy` profile is used by default, but it is planned to be deprecated in the near future.
So we recommend using other profiles such as `general`.
{{< /note >}}

> Assume that we create a Pod and debug it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assume that you create a Pod and debug it.
```

First, create a Pod named `myapp` as an example:

```shell
kubectl run myapp --image=busybox:1.28 --restart=Never -- sleep 1d
```

Then, debug the Pod using an ephemeral container.

> If the ephemeral container needs to have privilege, we can use the `sysadmin` profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the ephemeral container needs to have privilege, you can use the `sysadmin` profile:
```

```shell
kubectl debug -it myapp --image=busybox:1.28 --target=myapp --profile=sysadmin
```

```
Targeting container "myapp". If you don't see processes from this container it may be because the container runtime doesn't support this feature.
Defaulting debug container name to debugger-6kg4x.
If you don't see a command prompt, try pressing enter.
/ #
```

> Let's check the capabilities of the ephemeral container process by running the following command inside the container:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the capabilities of the ephemeral container process by running the following command inside the container:
```

```shell
/ # grep Cap /proc/$$/status
```

```
...
CapPrm:	000001ffffffffff
CapEff:	000001ffffffffff
...
```

This means the container process is granted full capabilities as a privileged container by applying `sysadmin` profile.
See more details about [capabilities](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/#set-capabilities-for-a-container).

> And we can also check that the ephemeral container was created as a privileged container:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also check that the ephemeral container was created as a privileged container:
```
